Fix/DEV-13201: Annotation image services (#501)
thegetty/quire: packages/11ty/content/iiif-demo.md

The following examples demonstrate basic usage of when the `figure` shortcode renders `<canvas-panel>` and `<image-service>` web components.

### Image Service
Images in `figures.yaml` with `zoom="true"` will be tiled and rendered using the `<image-service />` web component.

> The tiler output can be found in `public/iiif/<figure-id>/<image-file-name>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image tiles are written to `public/iiif/<figure-id>/<image-file-name>`
```
